Update README.md (#44)
slackhq/nebula: README.md

## What is Nebula?
Nebula is a scalable overlay networking tool with a focus on performance, simplicity and security.

> The networking tool allows seamless connection of computers globally. Nebula is portable, and runs on Linux, OSX, and Windows.

Reviewer: >  Pronouns confuse the reader because they do not know what the pronouns are referring to.

IMHO it seems obvious `It` refers to the Nebula tool as per the heading "What is Nebula" and the first sentence describing the tool. I don't think there is anything clarified by this change. 

> allows seamless **connection of**

This phrasing does not sound correct. Perhaps instead, if this must change:  "allows for a seamless connection of computers", or "allows you to seamlessly connect computers" ?

(Also: keep this quiet, but we have an early prototype running on iOS).
Nebula can be used to connect up to tens of thousands of computers

> Nebula incorporates concepts like encryption, security groups, certificates and tunneling where each concept existed before Nebula.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebula incorporates concepts like encryption, security groups, certificates and tunneling. Although these concepts are not novel, what makes Nebula different to existing offerings is that it brings all of these ideas together.
```

Nebula uses elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman key exchange, and AES-256-GCM in its default configuration.

> Nebula was created to provide a mechanism for group hosts to communicate securely, even across the internet, while enabling expressive firewall definitions similar in style to cloud security groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebula was created to provide a mechanism for groups of hosts to communicate securely, even across the internet, while enabling expressive firewall definitions similar in style to cloud security groups.
```
